Update pluralsight.md (#884)
dotnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/mvc/pluralsight.md

msc.legacyurl: /mvc/pluralsight
msc.type: content
---
# MVC Video Training

> Bing CoPilot can be used to search for MVC videos.

Author: ```suggestion
[Microsoft Copilot](https://copilot.microsoft.com/)  can be used to search for MVC videos.
```

> [Microsoft Copilot](https://copilot.microsoft.com/)  can be used to search for MVC videos.

Author: ```suggestion
[Microsoft Copilot](https://copilot.microsoft.com/) can be used to search for MVC videos.
```
